Why do chicken coops only have two doors? Because if they had four they would be chicken sedans!
Me: 'Dad, make me a sandwich!' Dad: 'Poof, You’re a sandwich!'
Why did the Clydesdale give the pony a glass of water? Because he was a little horse!
Me: 'Hey, I was thinking…' My dad: 'I thought I smelled something burning.
How do you make a Kleenex dance? Put a little boogie in it!
Whenever we drive past a graveyard my dad says, 'Do you know why I can’t be buried there?' And we all say, 'Why not?' And he says, 'Because I’m not dead yet!
Two peanuts were walking down the street. One was a salted.
I used to have a job at a calendar factory but I got the sack because I took a couple of days off.
How do you make holy water? You boil the hell out of it.
When I went to choir practice — Dad: 'Don’t forget a bucket.' Me: 'Why?' Dad: 'To carry your tune.
Two guys walk into a bar, the third one ducks.
We were getting fast food when the lady at the window said, 'Any condiments?' My dad responded, 'Compliments? You look very nice today!
A woman is on trial for beating her husband to death with his guitar collection. Judge says, 'First offender?' She says, 'No, first a Gibson! Then a Fender!
Anytime I do something smart my dad says, 'Wow, you're a fart smella...I mean smart fella!
I had a dream that I was a muffler last night. I woke up exhausted!
How do you tell the difference between a frog and a horny toad? A frog says, 'Ribbit, ribbit' and a horny toad says, 'Rub it, rub it.'
On all of my medical forms growing up my dad wrote 'red' for my blood type. To this day no one knows my actual blood type.
My dad’s name is Phil, and whenever I finish eating and say, 'Dad, I’m full,' he always replies, 'No, I’m full; you're Ruby.'
5/4 of people admit that they’re bad with fractions.
'Did you hear the news? FedEx and UPS are merging. They’re going to go by the name Fed-Up from now on.'
A three-legged dog walks into a bar and says to the bartender, 'I'm looking for the man who shot my paw.'
I asked my dad for his best dad joke and he said, 'You.'
To whoever stole my copy of Microsoft Office, I will find you. You have my Word!
Why did the coffee file a police report? It got mugged.
A man says to a werewolf, “You’re a werewolf.” The werewolf says, “I’m aware.”
My wife is so negative. I remembered the car seat, the stroller, AND the diaper bag. Yet all she can talk about is how I forgot the baby.
Dad, did you get a haircut? No, I got them all cut.
My aunt’s astrological sign was cancer, funny to consider how she died. She was killed by a giant crab.
Did you know that’s a popular cemetery? People are just dying to get in there!
If a child refuses to sleep during nap time, are they guilty of resisting a rest?
What’s faster, hot or cold? Hot, because you can catch a cold!
I recently bumped into the guy that sold me an antique globe. It’s a small world.
Dad, can you put my shoes on? No, I don’t think they’ll fit me.
My wife and I have decided not to have kids. The kids are taking it pretty badly.
If you see a robbery at an Apple Store does that make you an iWitness?
What’s the difference between a poorly dressed man on a tricycle and a well-dressed man on a bicycle? Attire!
Why don’t eggs tell jokes? They’d crack each other up.
I don’t trust stairs. They’re always up to something!
Why can’t a leopard hide? Because he’s always spotted
How many apples grow on a tree? All of them.
It’s important to keep some candy in your pocket at all times. It could be a lifesaver.
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? He woke up.
I dreamed about drowning in an ocean made out of orange soda last night. It took me a while to work out it was just a Fanta sea.
At work, we have a printer we’ve nicknamed Bob Marley. It’s always Jammin’.
I went to the store to pick up 8 cans of Sprite. But when I got home I realized I’d only picked 7up.
My daughter screeched, “Daaaad, you haven’t listened to one word I’ve said, have you!?” What a strange way to start a conversation with me…
I couldn’t get a reservation at the library… They were fully booked.
What do you call someone with no body and no nose? Nobody knows.
I just saw my wife walk by with her sexiest underwear on, which can only mean one thing… It’s laundry day.
What is the least spoken language in the world? Sign language.
I bought some shoes from a drug dealer. I don’t know what he laced them with, but I was tripping all day!
How did the dog stop the music? Paws.
The problem with Nearly Headless Nick is that he’s a poorly executed character.
I accidentally got rice in my headphone jack. Now all my music sounds grainy.
My wife tried to unlatch our daughter’s car seat with one hand and said, “How do one-armed mothers do it?” Without missing a beat I replied, “Single handedly.”
Why don’t skeletons ever go trick or treating? Because they have no body to go with.
I just watched a documentary about beavers. It was the best dam show I ever saw!
I ordered a chicken and an egg from Amazon. I’ll let you know.
This graveyard looks overcrowded. People must be dying to get in there!
Reversing the car ‘Ahh, this takes me back.’
What did the buffalo say when his son left? Bison!
What do you call a dinosaur that is sleeping? A dino-snore!
Don’t trust atoms. They make up everything!
Did you know that humans eat more bananas than monkeys? It’s true. I mean when was the last time you ate a monkey?
Why did the cookie go to the hospital? Because he felt crummy.
Well, we were having dinner, and Dad had spilled his peas on the table… He looks right at me and said, “Oh no, I have just peed on the table.”
I’m reading a book about anti-gravity. It’s impossible to put down!
I thought about going on an all-almond diet, but that’s just nuts!
What do you call a Mexican who has lost his car? Carlos.
Is your refrigerator running? Because I might vote for it.
Spring is here! I got so excited I wet my plants!
Can February March? No, but April May!
What’s orange and sounds like a parrot. A carrot!
I never wanted to believe that my Dad was stealing from his job as a road worker. But when I got home, all the signs were there.
You’re American when you go into the bathroom, and you’re American when you come out, but do you know what you are while you’re in there? European.
Did you hear about the cheese factory that exploded in France? There was nothing left but de Brie.
What’s brown and sticky? A stick.
The secret service isn’t allowed to yell “Get down!” anymore when the president is about to be attacked. Now they have to yell “Donald, duck!”
Dad asks me, “Have you heard about the new movie constipation?” I was like, “What? No.” And he said, “It never came out.”
I am suspicious that my wife is secretly adding glue to my weapons collection. She denies it, but I’m sticking to my guns.
What do you call a hippie’s wife? Mississippi.
Is a rivalry between two vegetarians still called a beef?
I start a new job in Seoul next week. I hope it is going to be a good Korea move.
Do I enjoy making courthouse puns? Guilty.
I can’t decide if I want to pursue a career as a writer or a grifter. I’m still weighing the prose and cons
I don’t often tell dad jokes, but when I do, he laughs.
Dad walks into a bookstore and says, “ Can I have a book by Shakespeare?” “Of course, sir, which one?” William.
What’s better than Ted Danson? Ted singing and Danson!
What do sprinters eat before a race? Nothing, they fast!
What concert costs just 45 cents? 50 Cent featuring Nickelback!
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field!
What do you call a mac 'n' cheese that gets all up in your face? Too close for comfort food!
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired!
Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere!
What do you call a fish with two knees? A two-knee fish!
Why do melons have weddings? Because they cantaloupe!
What happens when you go to the bathroom in France? European.
What's the difference between a poorly dressed man on a tricycle and a well-dressed man on a bicycle? Attire!
How many apples grow on a tree? All of them!
Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I'm not going to spread it!
Did you hear about the guy who invented Lifesavers?  They say he made a mint!
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? Because they're so good at it!
How does a penguin build its house? Igloos it together!
Why did the old man fall in the well? Because he couldn't see that well!
Why don't skeletons ever go trick or treating? Because they have no body to go with!
What do you call a factory that sells passable products? A satisfactory!
Why did the invisible man turn down the job offer? He couldn't see himself doing it!
Want to hear a joke about construction? I'm still working on it!
I like telling Dad jokes. Sometimes he laughs!
I used to work in a shoe-recycling shop. It was sole destroying!
My boss told me to have a good day. So I went home!
I'm so good at sleeping I can do it with my eyes closed!
I thought about going on an all-almond diet… But that's just nuts!
My friend says to me, "What rhymes with orange?"And I told him, "No it doesn't!"
My wife told me I had to stop acting like a flamingo. So I had to put my foot down!
I told my girlfriend she drew her eyebrows too high. She seemed surprised!
I tell dad jokes but I have no kids…I'm a faux pa!
So a vowel saves another vowel's life. The other vowel says, "Aye E! I owe you!"
Did I tell you the time I fell in love during a backflip? I was heels over head!
My uncle named his dogs Rolex and Timex. They're his watch dogs!
If you see a robbery at an Apple Store does that make you an iWitness?!
I would avoid the sushi if I was you. It's a little fishy!
Five out of four people admit they're bad with fractions!
Two goldfish are in a tank. One says to the other, "Do you know how to drive this thing?"
I'll call you later. Don't call me later, call me Dad!
Did you hear about the Italian chef who died? He pasta way!
When the grocery store clerk asks me if I want the milk in a bag, I always tell him, "No, I'd rather drink it out of the carton!"
The difference between a numerator and a denominator is a short line. Only a fraction of people will understand this!
What's ET short for? Because he's only got tiny legs!
I don't play soccer because I enjoy the sport. I'm just doing it for kicks!
What's brown and sticky? A stick!
What's orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot!
I invented a new word today: Plagiarism!
What do you call a donkey with only three legs? A wonkey!
After dinner, my wife asked if I could clear the table. I needed a running start, but I made it!
How do you make a Kleenex dance? Put some boogie in it!
Why is Peter Pan always flying? He neverlands!
What's a ninja's favorite type of shoes? Sneakers!
This morning, Siri said, "Don't call me Shirley." I accidentally left my phone in Airplane mode!
A woman is on trial for beating her husband to death with his guitar collection. The judge asks her, "First offender?" She says, "No, first a Gibson! Then a Fender!"
I know a lot of jokes about retired people but none of them work!
What do you call a guy with a rubber toe? Roberto!
What do Santa's elves listen to ask they work? Wrap music!
What rhymes with boo and stinks? You!
If an English teacher is convicted of a crime and doesn't complete the sentence, is that a fragment?
I think my wife is putting glue on my antique weapons collection. She denies it but I'm sticking to my guns!
Which U.S. state is famous for its extra-small soft drinks? Minnesota!
I got a hen to regularly count her own eggs. She's a real mathamachicken!
What did the Ranch say when someone opened the refrigerator door? "Close the door, I'm dressing!"
Why do trees seem suspicious on sunny days? They just seem a little shady!
What did the policeman say to his belly button? You're under a vest!
Last night I had a dream that I weighed less than a thousandth of a gram. I was like, 0mg.
A cheese factory exploded in France. Da brie is everywhere!
What do you call a fake noodle? An Impasta!
I've been bored recently so I've decided to take up fencing. The neighbors said they will call the police unless I put it back.
Why did the math book look so sad? Because of all of its problems!
I don't really call for funerals that start before noon. I guess I'm just not a mourning person!
If two vegans get in a fight, is it still considered a beef?
One of my favorite memories as a kid was when my brothers used to put me inside a tire and roll me down a hill. They were Goodyears!
Two silk worms had a race. They ended up in a tie.
My boss told me to attach two pieces of wood together... I totally nailed it!
Can a kangaroo jump higher than the Empire State Building? Of course. The Empire State Building can't jump.
What did the father tomato say to the baby tomato whilst on a family walk? Ketchup.
What is the least spoken language in the world? Sign Language
What do you call a group of disorganized cats? A cat-tastrophe.
Did you hear about the scientist who was lab partners with a pot of boiling water? He had a very esteemed colleague.
What do bees do after they are married? They go on a honeymoon.
I made a playlist for hiking. It has music from Peanuts, The Cranberries, and Eminem. I call it my Trail Mix.
What did the Zen Buddist say to the hotdog vendor? Make me one with everything.
What does a female snake use for support? A co-Bra!
Have you heard of the band 1023MB? They haven't got a gig yet.
Why do bears have hairy coats? Fur protection.
Why is the new Kindle screen textured to look like paper? So you feel write at home.
How do you organize a space party? You planet.
I hate perforated lines, they're tearable.
How does a penguin build it's house? Igloos it together.
Last night me and my girlfriend watched three DVDs back to back. Luckily I was the one facing the TV.
If you're struggling to think of what to get someone for Christmas. Get them a fridge and watch their face light up when they open it.
What time did the man go to the dentist? Tooth hurt-y.
A police officer caught two kids playing with a firework and a car battery. He charged one and let the other one off.
A Sandwich walks into a bar, the bartender says "Sorry, we don't serve food here"
What did the dog say to the two trees? Bark bark.
What's blue and not very heavy? Light blue.
What kind of shoes does a thief wear? Sneakers
What did the ocean say to the shore? Nothing, it just waved.
What do you call an elephant that doesn't matter? An irrelephant.
What did the left eye say to the right eye? Between us, something smells!
Where do you learn to make banana splits? At sundae school.
Why did the worker get fired from the orange juice factory?  Lack of concentration.
Why did Sweden start painting barcodes on the sides of their battleships? So they could Scandinavian.
What do you call a droid that takes the long way around? R2 detour.
What do you call a cow with two legs? Lean beef.
How does a French skeleton say hello? Bone-jour.
Have you heard the rumor going around about butter? Never mind, I shouldn't spread it.
What do you call a girl between two posts? Annette.
Why did the butcher work extra hours at the shop? To make ends meat.
Why do wizards clean their teeth three times a day? To prevent bat breath!
How do you organize an outer space party? You planet
What do you call cheese by itself? Provolone.
What did the judge say to the dentist? Do you swear to pull the tooth, the whole tooth and nothing but the tooth?
Why does Waldo only wear stripes? Because he doesn't want to be spotted.
How does a train eat? It goes chew, chew
Did you know you should always take an extra pair of pants golfing? Just in case you get a hole in one.
Don't look at the eclipse through a colander. You'll strain your eyes.
What is red and smells like blue paint? Red paint!
Who did the wizard marry? His ghoul-friend
How many programmers does it take to change a lightbulb? None that's a hardware problem
How many South Americans does it take to change a lightbulb? A Brazilian
How are false teeth like stars? They come out at night!
What's the best thing about elevator jokes? They work on so many levels.
What do you call a sheep with no legs? A cloud.
Did you know the first French fries weren't actually cooked in France? They were cooked in Greece
What did the big flower say to the littler flower? Hi, bud!
Why can't a bicycle stand on its own? It's two-tired.
Did you hear about the bread factory burning down? They say the business is toast.
Did you hear the one about the guy with the broken hearing aid? Neither did he.
How do hens stay fit? They always excercise!
Did you hear about the runner who was criticized? He just took it in stride
Can February march? No, but April may.
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef!
Finally realized why my plant sits around doing nothing all day. He loves his pot.
What do you call a bear with no teeth? A gummy bear!Why are mummys scared of vacation? They're afraid to unwind.
Why are fish so smart? Because they live in schools!
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef.
Ever wondered why bees hum? It's because they don't know the words.
What do you give to a lemon in need? Lemonaid.
What is a centipedes's favorite Beatle song? I want to hold your hand, hand, hand, hand.
What did the late tomato say to the early tomato? I'll catch up
What did the Buffalo say to his little boy when he dropped him off at school? Bison.
I bought some shoes from a drug dealer.I don't know what he laced them with, but I was tripping all day!
A SQL query walks into a bar, walks up to two tables and asks...'Can I join you? '
What's the difference between a hippo and a zippo? One is really heavy, the other is a little lighter.
Why did the fireman wear red, white, and blue suspenders? To hold his pants up.
Why does Norway have barcodes on their battleships? So when they get back to port, they can Scandinavian.
Why does a chicken coop only have two doors? Because if it had four doors it would be a chicken sedan.
What did the spaghetti say to the other spaghetti? Pasta la vista, baby!
What happens to a frog's car when it breaks down? It gets toad away
Why do scuba divers fall backwards into the water? Because if they fell forwards they'd still be in the boat.
What does C.S. Lewis keep at the back of his wardrobe? Narnia business!
Finally realized why my plant sits around doing nothing all day...He loves his pot.
What do you call a boomerang that won't come back? A stick.
What's the difference between a seal and a sea lion? An ion!
What did one snowman say to the other snow man? Do you smell carrot?
What do vegetarian zombies eat? Grrrrrainnnnnssss.
Want to hear a chimney joke? Got stacks of em! First one's on the house
Can I watch the TV?  Yes, but don't turn it on.
What do you call a troublesome Canadian high schooler? A poutine.
Did you hear the joke about the wandering nun? She was a roman catholic.
A slice of apple pie is $2.50 in Jamaica and $3.00 in the Bahamas.These are the pie rates of the Caribbean.
What's the best thing about a Boolean? Even if you're wrong, you're only off by a bit.
How do hens stay fit? They always egg-cercise!
What do you call a group of killer whales playing instruments? An Orca-stra.
What happens to a frog's car when it breaks down? It gets toad.
What do you call a bee that lives in America? A USB.
A weasel walks into a bar. The bartender says, "Wow, I've never served a weasel before. What can I get for you? "Pop,goes the weasel.
How much does a hipster weigh? An instagram.
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? Because they're so good at it.
What do you call a pig that knows karate? A pork chop!
What did the beaver say to the tree? It's been nice gnawing you.
Did You Watch The New Comic Book Movie? It was very graphic!
Want to hear a joke about a piece of paper? Never mind...it's tearable
Why don't you find hippopotamuses hiding in trees? They're really good at it.
Why did the girl smear peanut butter on the road? To go with the traffic jam.
What did one plate say to the other plate? Dinner is on me!
Don't look at the eclipse through a colander.You'll strain your eyes.
What did the 0 say to the 8? Nice belt.
What do you call a monkey in a mine field? A babooooom!
Hey, dad, did you get a haircut? No, I got them all cut.
Where do sheep go to get their hair cut? The baa-baa shop.
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent.
What do you call a fly without wings? A walk.
Why did the house go to the doctor? It was having window panes.
How do you get a baby alien to sleep?  You rocket.
What kind of dinosaur loves to sleep? A stega-snore-us.
Where was the Declaration of Independence signed? At the bottom!
Did you hear the news? FedEx and UPS are merging. They're going to go by the name Fed-Up from now on.
Is there a hole in your shoe? No Then how'd you get your foot in it?
Why do pumpkins sit on people's porches? They have no hands to knock on the door.
Where do rabbits go after they get married? On a bunny-moon.
Why did the Clydesdale give the pony a glass of water? How was the snow globe feeling after the storm? A little shaken.
What's the difference between a guitar and a fish? You can tune a guitar but you can't "tuna"fish!
Why did the mushroom get invited to the party? Because he was a fungi.
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl go to the bathroom? The p is silent.
What do you call a nervous javelin thrower? Shakespeare.
How do you find Will Smith in the snow?  Look for fresh prints.
Why are graveyards so noisy? Because of all the coffin.
What did the traffic light say to the car as it passed? Don't look I'm changing!
Did you hear about the new restaurant on the moon? The food is great, but there's just no atmosphere.
What's the difference between an African elephant and an Indian elephant? About 5000 miles.
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity.It's impossible to put down!
What do you get when you cross a chicken with a skunk? A fowl smell!
What's the best time to go to the dentist? Tooth hurty.
What do you do on a remote island? Try and find the TV island it belongs to.
What happens when you anger a brain surgeon? They will give you a piece of your mind.
What cheese can never be yours? Nacho cheese.
What did the Dorito farmer say to the other Dorito farmer? Cool Ranch!
The punchline often arrives before the set-up.Do you know the problem with UDP jokes?
Why did the Clydesdale give the pony a glass of water? Because he was a little horse
What did the scarf say to the hat? You go on ahead, I am going to hang around a bit longer.
Why are skeletons so calm? Because nothing gets under their skin.
What did one wall say to the other wall? I'll meet you at the corner!
Why do Java programmers wear glasses? Because they don't C#
How do you fix a damaged jack-o-lantern? You use a pumpkin patch.
Did you hear about the guy whose whole left side was cut off? He's all right now.
What is a centipedes's favorite Beatle song?  I want to hold your hand, hand, hand, hand...
Is the pool safe for diving? It deep ends.
Why did the programmer quit his job? Because he didn't get arrays.
Why can't your nose be 12 inches long? Because then it'd be a foot!
What was the pumpkin's favorite sport? Squash.
Why didn't the skeleton cross the road? Because he had no guts.
Why did the tree go to the dentist? It needed a root canal.
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity...It's impossible to put down
Where do bees go to the bathroom?  The BP station.
How do locomotives know where they're going? Lots of training
Why couldn't the lifeguard save the hippie? He was too far out, man.
Did You Hear The Story About The Cheese That Saved The World? It was legend dairy.
I'm tired of following my dreams. I'm just going to ask them where they are going and meet up with them later.
What did one nut say as he chased another nut?  I'm a cashew!
Chances are if you' ve seen one shopping center, you've seen a mall.
I knew I shouldn't steal a mixer from work, but it was a whisk I was willing to take.
How come the stadium got hot after the game? Because all of the fans left.
Why was it called the dark ages? Because of all the knights.
A steak pun is a rare medium well done.
Why did the tomato blush? Because it saw the salad dressing.
What creature is smarter than a talking parrot? A spelling bee.
I'll tell you what often gets over looked... garden fences.
Why did the kid cross the playground? To get to the other slide.
Why do birds fly south for the winter? Because it's too far to walk.
My first time using an elevator was an uplifting experience. The second time let me down.
To be Frank, I'd have to change my name.
Slept like a log last night, woke up in the fireplace.
Why does a Moon-rock taste better than an Earth-rock? Because it's a little meteor.
Did you know that protons have mass? I didn't even know they were catholic.
WI Couldn't Get A Reservation At The Library...They were fully booked.
How did Darth Vader know what Luke was getting for Christmas? He felt his presents.
How does a dyslexic poet write? Inverse.
What kind of dog lives in a particle accelerator? A Fermilabrador Retriever.
When do doctors get angry? When they run out of patients.
Why do C# and Java developers keep breaking their keyboards? Because they use a strongly typed language.
What kind of award did the dentist receive? A little plaque.
How do you get two whales in a car? Start in England and drive West.
What's E.T. short for? He's only got little legs.
What do you call two barracuda fish?  A Pairacuda!
Do you want a brief explanation of what an acorn is? In a nutshell, it's an oak tree.
What's brown and sounds like a bell? Dung!
Where does batman go to the bathroom? The batroom.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field.
What do you call a singing LaptopA Dell
Why can't you use "Beef stew"as a password? Because it's not stroganoff.
Did you hear that the police have a warrant out on a midget psychic ripping people off? It reads "Small medium at large."
Why do valley girls hang out in odd numbered groups? Because they can't even.
Where do young cows eat lunch? In the calf-ateria.
What's brown and sticky? A stick.
Did you hear about the two silk worms in a race? It ended in a tie.
Why do trees seem suspicious on sunny days? Dunno, they're just a bit shady.
What do you get hanging from Apple trees? Sore arms.
What do prisoners use to call each other? Cell phones.
Who is the coolest Doctor in the hospital? The hip Doctor!
What did Michael Jackson name his denim store?    Billy Jeans!
Why are pirates called pirates? Because they arrr!
What do you call an alligator in a vest? An in-vest-igator!
What is the least spoken language in the world? Sign language
When is a door not a door? When it's ajar.
What do you call a bear with no teeth? A gummy bear!
Is there a hole in your shoe? No' Then how'd you get your foot in it?
I was gonna tell you a joke about UDP......but you might not get it.
What do birds give out on Halloween? Tweets.
Where do programmers like to hangout? The Foo Bar.
To understand what recursion is...You must first understand what recursion is
Did you hear about the submarine industry? It really took a dive...
Why did the cookie cry? Because his mother was a wafer so long
What do you call a laughing motorcycle? A Yamahahahaha.
Where does Fonzie like to go for lunch? Chick-Fil-Eyyyyyyyy.
What do you call a duck that gets all A's? A wise quacker.
Why did the burglar hang his mugshot on the wall? To prove that he was framed!
How come a man driving a train got struck by lightning? He was a good conductor.
There are 10 types of people in this world...Those who understand binary and those who don't
What do you call corn that joins the army? Kernel.
How do you make holy water? You boil the hell out of it
I had a dream that I was a muffler last night.I woke up exhausted!
Do you know where you can get chicken broth in bulk? The stock market.
How many seconds are in a year? 12. January 2nd, February 2nd, March 2nd, April 2nd.... etc
What did the Red light say to the Green light? Don't look at me I'm changing!
Why did the man run around his bed? Because he was trying to catch up on his sleep!
My daughter screeched, Daaaaaad, you haven't listened to one word I've said, have you!? What a strange way to start a conversation with me...
What was a more important invention than the first telephone? The second one.
If you see a robbery at an Apple Store...Does that make you an iWitness?
What's 50 Cent's name in Zimbabwe? 200 Dollars.
Why do pirates not know the alphabet? They always get stuck at "C".
Why do mathematicians hate the U.S.? Because it's indivisible.
Why did the chicken get a penalty? For fowl play.
What's Forest Gump's Facebook password? 1forest1
Which song would an exception sing? Can't catch me - Avicii
I dropped a pear in my car this morning.You should drop another one, then you would have a pair.
Why does it take longer to get from 1st to 2nd base, than it does to get from 2nd to 3rd base? Because there's a Shortstop in between!
Where does Napoleon keep his armies? In his sleevies.
What did the ocean say to the beach? Thanks for all the sediment.
What do you call someone with no nose? Nobody knows.
What do you call a cow on a trampoline? A milk shake!
What did the policeman say to his belly button? You’re under a vest!
A man just attacked me with cheese and milk! How dairy.
How do you stop an astronaut’s baby from crying? You rocket!
What kind of music is a balloon scared of? Pop music.
Why did the baker stop making doughnuts? He got tired of the hole thing!
I had a pile of RAM, but I can’t quite recall where I put it. I must’ve lost my memory.
Why do seagulls fly over the ocean? Because if they flew over the bay we’d call them bagels!
What has four wheels and flies? A garbage truck!
Why did the coffee call the police? Because it got mugged.
My wife says I’m the cheapest man in the world. I’m not buying it.
Why can’t a nose be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot.
The Tower of Pisa was trying hard to remain politically neutral but it was leaning too far right!
Why did the dinosaur cross the road? Because the chicken joke wasn’t invented yet.
What sound do porcupines make when they kiss? Ouch!
Why was the math book sad? Because it had so many problems.
Why can’t cats work on the computer? They get too distracted chasing the mouse around.
How do you impress a baker when you’re taking his daughter on a date? Bring her flours.
Want to hear a joke about construction? I’m still working on it.
I wouldn’t buy anything with velcro. It’s a total rip-off.
Why did the old man fall in the well? Because he couldn’t see that well!
Why was the king only a foot tall? He was a ruler.
I once had a dream I was floating in an ocean of orange soda. It was more of a Fanta sea.
I gave all my dead batteries away today… Free of charge.
Why did the two 4’s skip lunch? They already 8!
What do you get when you drop a piano on an army base? A Flat Major.
Why did the girl fall in love with the robber? Because he stole her heart.
Will glass coffins be a success? That remains to be seen.
Our wedding was so beautiful, even the cake was in tiers!
What’s an astronaut’s favorite part of a computer? The space bar.
What did one toilet say to the other toilet? You look flushed.
What do lawyers wear to court? Lawsuits!
Where did Noah keep his bees? In the Ark hives.
Where do polar bears vote? The North Poll.
Someone threw cheese at me. Real mature.
What did the judge say when the skunk walked into the courtroom? Odor in the court.
What do you call an elephant that doesn’t matter? An irrelephant
What do you call bears with no ears? A B.
What do you call a boy named Lee that no one talks to? Lone-lee.
What do you call a pile of cats? A meow-tain.
What do you call an alligator in a vest? An Investigator.
What do you call the heavy breathing someone makes while trying to hold a yoga pose? Yoga pants.
What do you call a bear with no socks on? Bare-foot.
What do you call a man who spent all summer at the beach? A Tangent.
I saw a crying dog. It was a chihuahua.
What did the dog say to the tree? Bark.
Why aren’t dogs good dancers? They have two left feet.
Why did the dog win the storytelling contest? It knew how to paws for dramatic effect.
What did the cat say to the dog? Check meow-t!
Why did the labor commission flag the dog company? It hounded its employees.
What does the dog day before eating? Bone appetit!
Why do dogs float in water? Because they’re good buoys.
What is the dog’s favorite pizza? Pupperoni.
What is the dog’s favorite breakfast? Pooched eggs.
What kind of dogs like car racing? Lap dogs.
What bone will a dog never eat? A trombone.
What is the quietest kind of a dog? A hush puppy
SERVER: “Sorry about your wait.” DAD: “Are you saying I’m fat?”
What did the chemist say when he found two new isotopes of Helium? HeHe.
My friend’s bakery burned down last night. Now his business is toast.
I tell dad jokes but I have no kids…I’m a faux pa!
What do you do with a dead chemist? Barium.
What does the dentist of the year get? A little plaque.
What did the mother molecule say to the child molecule? I’ve got my ion you!
What word is always spelled wrong in the Dictionary? Wrong.
Why aren’t koalas actual bears? The don’t meet the koalafications.
What’s a foot long and slippery? A slipper.
What do Alexander the Great and Winnie the Pooh have in common? Same middle name.
When a woman is giving birth, she is literally kidding.
Why are chefs so mean? They beat eggs and whip cream.
Why doesn’t Pac-Man use Twitter? He doesn’t like being followed.
What’s easy to get into but hard to get out of? Trouble.
I’ve got a phobia of over-engineered buildings…it’s a complex complex complex.
What did Al Gore play on his guitar? An Algorithm.
What did the mama turkey say to her naughty son? If your papa could see you now, he’d turn over in his gravy.
What was the turkey suspected of? Fowl play.
What always comes at the end of Thanksgiving? The letter G.
What do you call a turkey on the day after Thanksgiving? Lucky.
Can a turkey jump higher than the Empire State Building? Yes, of course! A building can’t jump at all.
What do you call a running turkey? Fast food.
What was the pumpkin’s favorite sport? Squash.
Why was the Thanksgiving dinner so expensive? It had 24 carrots.
What is a Christmas tree’s favorite candy? Ornamints.
What do you call someone who is afraid of Santa? A Clausterphobic.
What do you call a snowman with a six pack? An abdominal snowman.
What do snowmen call their offspring? Chill-dren.
What do ﬁsh sing during winter? Christmas corals.
Why do Mummies like Christmas so much? Because of all the wrapping!
What’s Santa’s favorite snack food? Crisp Pringles.
What do you call a broke Santa? Saint Nickel-less.
What falls but never gets hurt? Snow.
Why couldn’t the bike stand-up by itself? It was two tired.
This graveyard looks overcrowded. People must be dying to get in there.
Why are libraries so strict? Because they have to go by the book!
What’s the slipperiest country? Greece.
Do you feel cold? Then go to the corner, there’s 90 degrees.
How does a train eat? It goes chew-chew.
What do you call a city powered by electricity? An Electri-city!
Why can’t Cinderella play soccer? Because she’s always running away from the ball.
Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere.
What do you call a fake noodle? An Impasta.
Want to hear a joke about paper? Nevermind it's tearable.
I just watched a program about beavers. It was the best dam program I've ever seen.
Did you hear about the baguette at the zoo? It was bread in captivity.
What do you call a Mexican who has lost his car? Carlos
Bad puns are how eye roll.
What do you call a can opener that's broken? A Can't opener.
Why don't skeletons ever go trick or treating? Because they have no body to go with.
What do you call an elephant that doesn't matter? An irrelephant
What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho Cheese.
My friend has designed an invisible aeroplane but I can't see it taking off.
The shovel was a ground-breaking invention.
Son: Dad, did you get a haircut? Dad: No I got them all cut.
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired.
What did the grape do when he got stepped on? He let out a little wine.
I wouldn't buy anything with velcro. It's a total rip-off.
Don’t trust stairs, they’re always up to something.
Want to hear a joke about construction? I'm still working on it.
I accidentally handed my wife a glue stick instead of a chapstick, she still isn't talking to me.
I built an electric fence around my garden and my neighbour is dead against it.
Whoever stole my antidepressants I hope you are happy now.
Two goldfish are in a tank. One says to the other, "do you know how to drive this thing?"
What do you call a man with a rubber toe? Roberto.
Son: Dad can you put on my shoes for me? Dad: I'll try but they might not fit!
My wife accused me of having zero empathy. I don't understand how she can feel that way.
What do you call a fat psychic? A four-chin teller.
My wife asked me if "I was listening to her", strange way to start a conservation.
To the man in the wheelchair that stole my camouflage jacket... You can hide but you can't run.
I thought about going on an all-almond diet. But that's just nuts
Son: Dad can you tell me what a solar eclipse is? Dad: No sun.
A furniture store keeps calling me. All I wanted was one night stand.
Son: Dad, can you put the cat out? Dad: I didn't know it was on fire.
My wife says I only have 2 faults. I don't listen and something else...
My wife told me i need to stop behaving like a flamingo. So I had to put my foot down.
I used to work in a shoe recycling shop. It was sole destroying.
Son: I'll call you later. Dad: Don't call me later, call me Dad.
I like waiters, they bring a lot to the table.
Did I tell you the time I fell in love during a backflip? I was heels over head.
My wife is like a newspaper, a new issue everyday.
I don’t play soccer because I enjoy the sport. I’m just doing it for kicks.
People don’t like having to bend over to get their drinks. We really need to raise the bar.
What do you call a shoe made of a banana? A Slipper.
Wife: Stop being an idiot. Just be yourself. Me: Make your mind up!
My mate says I'm getting fat, but in my defense I've had a lot on my plate recently.
I love jokes about eyes, the cornea the better.
Some mornings I wake up grumpy, on others I let her sleep in.
I'm going to stand outside, so if anyone asks tell them I'm outstanding.
You should always knock on the fridge before opening it just in case there's a salad dressing.
Son: Dad, can you put my shoes on? Dad: No, I don't think they'll fit me.
My wife told me to take the spider out instead of killing him. Went out, had drinks and he's a web designer.
A guy tried to sell me a mirror but I knew it was a scam, I could see right through it.
I was shocked when I found out my toaster wasn't waterproof.
I once ate a dictionary, it gave me thesaurus throat I've ever had.
I would avoid the sushi if I was you, it’s a little fishy.
My 3 favorite things are eating my family and not using commas.
You know what actually makes me smile? My facial muscles.
I am reading a horror story in Braille. Something bad is going to happen, I can feel it.
I spent $100 on a new belt that didn't even fit, my wife said it was a huge waist.
I hate it when people say age is only a number, age is clearly a word.
Son: Dad, I'm hungry! Dad: Hi Hungry, I'm Dad.
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? It's fine, he woke up.
I have this strange talent that I can always guess what's inside a wrapped present - It's a gift.
Sundays are always a little sad but, the day before is a sadder day.
I left my wife because she was obsessed with counting. I wonder what she's up to now?
Singing in the shower is all fun and games until you get shampoo in your mouth. Then it's a soap opera.
I went to the store to pick up 8 cans of Sprite. When I got home I realised I'd only picked 7up.
When is a door not a door? When it’s ajar.
What's blue and smells like red paint? Blue paint.
I purchased a deodorant stick today, instructions say "remove cap and push up buttom" I can hardly walk but when I fart the room smells lovely.
My wife is really mad at the fact that I have no sense of direction. So I packed up my stuff and right.
Today my wife left me because I am insecure. Oh wait! She's back, she went to get coffee.
My wife changed a lot when she went vegan, it's like I never knew herbivore.
A man is washing the car with his son. Son: "Dad can't you just use a sponge?"
Son: How much do all of our bones weigh? Dad: A Skele-ton.
The rotation of earth really makes my day.
A storm blew away 25% of my roof last night, oof.
To the person who stole my glasses. I will find you, I have contacts.
Son: How do I look? Dad: With your eyes.
I know a lot of jokes about retired people but none of them work.
What's red and bad for your teeth? A brick.
2 years ago my doctor told me I was going deaf, I haven't heard from him since.
Don't trust atoms. They make up everything!
As i suspected, someone has been adding soil to my garden. The plot thickens.
Son: There’s something in my eye. Dad: Looks like an eyeball!
After you die what part of your body is the last to stop working? Your pupils, they dilate.
Saturday and Sunday are strong days because the others are just weekdays.
I don't want to brag, I finished the puzzle in a week and it said 2-4 years on the box.
How do you get a farm girl to like you? A tractor.
Dark is spelled with a C not a K because you can't C in the dark.
Did you hear about the guy who cut off the left side of his body? He's all right now.
I was gonna tell a time-traveling joke, but you guys didn’t like it.
I was driving my bread car and it caught alight, now it's toast.
I just swapped our bed for a trampoline, my wife hit the roof.
What lies at the bottom of the ocean and twitches? A nervous wreck.
You know what the loudest pet you can get is? A trum-pet.
Based upon my shameful behaviour after drinking, I finally decided to quit drinking altogether. Now I drink alone.
I have a fear of elevators, I'm taking steps to avoid them.
How does a meteorologist go up a mountain? They climate.
Which bear is the most condescending? A pan-duh!
What kind of noise does a witch’s vehicle make? Brrrroooom, brrroooom.
Two guys walked into a bar. The third guy ducked.
How do you get a country girl’s attention? A tractor.
Why are elevator jokes so classic and good? They work on many levels.
What do you call a pudgy psychic? A four-chin teller.
What did the police officer say to his belly-button? You’re under a vest.
What do you call it when a group of apes start a company? Monkey business.
What kind of drink can be bitter and sweet? Reali-tea.
What do you call a naughty lamb dressed up like a skeleton for Halloween? Baaad to the bone.
Want to know why nurses like red crayons? Sometimes they have to draw blood.
What would the Terminator be called in his retirement? The Exterminator.
What did Tennessee? The same thing as Arkansas.
My wife asked me to go get 6 cans of Sprite from the grocery store. I realized when I got home that I had picked 7 up.
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb.
Why do some couples go to the gym? Because they want their relationship to work out.
What do you call an angry musician flipping someone off? A song bird.
What’s the most detail-oriented ocean? The Pacific.
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? It’s fine, he woke up.
How can you tell it’s a dogwood tree? By the bark.
My boss told me to have a good day, so I went home.
Why did the man fall down the well? Because he couldn’t see that well.
When does a joke become a “dad joke?” When it becomes apparent.
Why is Peter Pan always flying? Because he Neverlands.
Which state has the most streets? Rhode Island.
What do you call 26 letters that went for a swim? Alphawetical.
What’s the name of a very polite, European body of water? Merci.
Why was the color green notoriously single? It was always so jaded.
I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me.
I want to make a brief joke, but it’s a little cheesy.
Why did the coach go to the bank? To get his quarterback.
How do celebrities stay cool? They have many fans.
Sundays are always a little sad, but the day before is a sadder day.
5/4 of people admit they’re bad at fractions.
Why did the bedding hide their relationship? They just wanted something pillow-key!
You’re American when you go into a bathroom and when you come out, but what are you while you’re in the bathroom? European.
I’ve been thinking about taking up meditation. I figure it’s better than sitting around doing nothing.
Dogs can’t operate MRI machines. But catscan.
What did the flowers do when the bride walked down the aisle? They rose.
It takes guts to be an organ donor.
What does “Rockin’ Robin” do when she’s bored? Tweet.
I lost my job at the bank on my first day. A woman asked me to check her balance, so I pushed her over.
How do you row a canoe filled with puppies? Bring out the doggy paddle.
Singing in the shower is fun until you get soap in your mouth. Then it becomes a soap opera.
Why were the utensils stuck together? They were spooning.
What’s a crafty dancer’s favorite hobby? Cutting a rug.
How does a penguin build his house? Igloos it together.
What kind of music do chiropractor’s like? Hip pop.
What kind of shoes does a lazy person wear? Loafers.
Why is cold water so insecure? Because it’s never called hot.
I was going to tell a time-traveling joke, but you guys didn’t like it.
Shouldn’t the “roof” of your mouth actually be called the ceiling?
Stop looking for the perfect match…use a lighter.
I told my doctor I heard buzzing, but he said it’s just a bug going around.
What kind of car does a sheep like to drive? A lamborghini.
What did the accountant say while auditing a document? This is taxing.
What did the two pieces of bread say on their wedding day? It was loaf at first sight.
If the early bird gets the worm, I’ll sleep in until there’s pancakes.
Why do melons have weddings? Because they cantaloupe.
I signed up for a marathon, but how will I know if it’s the real deal or just a run through?
When you have a bladder infection, urine trouble.
What did the drummer call his twin daughters? Anna One, Anna Two!
What did the juicer say to the orange during self-quarantine? Can’t wait to squeeze you!
What do you call a toothless bear? A gummy bear!
Someone told me that I should write a book. I said, “That’s a novel concept.”
Two goldfish are in a tank. One says to the other, “Do you know how to drive this thing?”
What’s Forrest Gump’s password? 1forrest1
I tell dad jokes, but I don’t have any kids. I’m a faux pa.
What does a nosey pepper do? It gets jalapeño business.
If a child refuses to nap, are they guilty of resisting a rest?
Why do dads feel the need to tell such bad jokes? They just want to help you become a groan up.
I know a lot of jokes about retired people, but none of them work.
Why are spiders so smart? They can find everything on the web.
RIP boiled water—you will be mist.
What do you call two octopuses that look the same? Itenticle.
What has one head, one foot, and four legs? A bed.
Sore throats are a pain in the neck.
What does a house wear? Address.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? He was out standing in his field.
What’s red and smells like blue paint? Red paint.
My son asked me to put his shoes on, but I don’t think they’ll fit me.
I’ve been bored recently, so I decided to take up fencing. The neighbors keep demanding that I put it back.
What do you call an unpredictable camera? A loose Canon.
I didn’t get a haircut, I got them all cut.
Which U.S. state is known for its especially small soft drinks? Minnesota.
What do sprinters eat before a race? Nothing—they fast.
What did one Dorito farmer say to the other? “Cool Ranch!”
Why couldn’t the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two-tired.
I’m so good at sleeping, I can do it with my eyes closed.
People are usually shocked that I have a Police record. But I love their greatest hits!
I told my girlfriend she drew on her eyebrows too high. She seemed surprised.
What do you call a fibbing cat? A lion.
Why shouldn’t you write with a broken pencil? Because it’s pointless.
I like telling Dad jokes…sometimes he laughs.
How do you weigh a millennial? In Instagrams.
The wedding was so beautiful, even the cake was in tiers.
What’s the most patriotic sport? Flag football.
Today, my son asked "Can I have a book mark?" and I burst into tears. 11 years old and he still doesn't know my name is Brian.
I bought some shoes from a drug dealer. I don't know what he laced them with, but I was tripping all day!
Did you know the first French fries weren't actually cooked in France? They were cooked in Greece.
What's black and white and read all over? The newspaper.
If you put a million monkeys at a million keyboards, one of them will eventually write a Java programthe rest of them will write Perl
I Can't Tell If I Like This Blender...It keeps giving me mixed results.
What do you call a crowd of chess players bragging about their wins in a hotel lobby? Chess nuts boasting in an open foyer.
What did celery say when he broke up with his girlfriend? She wasn't right for me, so I really don't carrot all.
Want to hear a joke about construction? Nah, I'm still working on it.
How do the trees get on the internet? They log on.
Why are oranges the smartest fruit? Because they are made to concentrate.
What did the duck say when he bought lipstick? Put it on my bill
Why do bees hum? Because they don't know the words.
What does a pirate pay for his corn? A buccaneer!
Why do choirs keep buckets handy? So they can carry their tune
What do you give a sick lemon? Lemonaid.
Did you hear about the cow who jumped over the barbed wire fence? It was udder destruction.
How do you throw a space party? You planet.
How was Rome split in two? With a pair of Ceasars.
The shovel was a ground breaking invention, but everyone was blow away by the leaf blower.
A scarecrow says, "This job isn't for everyone, but hay, it's in my jeans.
"A Buddhist walks up to a hot dog stand and says "Make me one with everything.
"Did you hear about the guy who lost the left side of his body? He's alright now.
What do you call a girl with one leg that's shorter than the other? Ilene.
The broom swept the nation away.
I did a theatrical performance on puns. It was a play on words.
What does a clock do when it's hungry? It goes back for seconds.
What do you do with a dead chemist? You barium.
I bet the person who created the door knocker won a Nobel prize.
Towels can’t tell jokes. They have a dry sense of humor.
Two birds are sitting on a perch and one says “Do you smell fish?”
Did you hear about the cheese factory that exploded in france? There was nothing but des brie.
Do you know sign language? You should learn it, it’s pretty handy.
What do you call a beautiful pumpkin? GOURDgeous.
Why did one banana spy on the other? Because she was appealing.
What do you call a cow with all of its legs? High steaks.
A cross eyed teacher couldn’t control his pupils.
After the accident, the juggler didn’t have the balls to do it.
I used to be afraid of hurdles, but I got over it.
To write with a broken pencil is pointless.
I read a book on anti-gravity. I couldn’t put it down.
I couldn’t remember how to throw a boomerang but it came back to me.
What did the buffalo say to his son? Bison.
What should you do if you’re cold? Stand in the corner. It’s 90 degrees.
How does Moses make coffee? Hebrews it.
The energizer bunny went to jail. He was charged with battery.
What did the alien say to the pitcher of water? Take me to your liter.
What happens when you eat too many spaghettiOs? You have a vowel movement.
The soldier who survived mustard gas and pepper spray was a seasoned veteran.
Sausage puns are the wurst.
What do you call a bear with no teeth? A gummy bear.
How did Darth Vader know what luke was getting him for his birthday? He could sense his presence.
Why shouldn’t you trust atoms? They make up everything.
What’s the difference between a bench, a fish, and a bucket of glue? You can’t tune a bench but you can tuna fish. I bet you got stuck on the bucket of glue part.
What’s it called when you have too many aliens? Extraterrestrials.
Want to hear a pizza joke? Nevermind, it’s too cheesy.
What do cows tell each other at bedtime? Dairy tales.
Why can’t you take inventory in Afghanistan? Because of the tally ban.
Why didn’t the lion win the race? Because he was racing a cheetah.
Why did the man dig a hole in his neighbor’s backyard and fill it with water? Because he meant well.
What happens to nitrogen when the sun comes up? It becomes daytrogen.
What’s it called when you put a cow in an elevator? Raising the steaks.
What’s america’s favorite soda? Mini soda.
Why did the tomato turn red? Because it saw the salad dressing.
What kind of car does a sheep drive? A lamborghini, but if that breaks down they drive their Subaru.
What do you call a spanish pig? Porque.
What do you call a line of rabbits marching backwards? A receding hairline.
Why don’t vampires go to barbecues? They don’t like steak.
A cabbage and celery walk into a bar and the cabbage gets served first because he was a head.
How do trees access the internet? They log on.
Why should you never trust a train? They have loco motives.
Light travels faster than sound. That's why some people appear bright until you hear them speak
I was wondering why the ball was getting bigger. Then it hit me
I have a few jokes about unemployed people, but none of them work
"I have a split personality," said Tom, being frank.
I Renamed my iPod The Titanic, so when I plug it in, it says “The Titanic is syncing.”
When life gives you melons, you're dyslexic
Will glass coffins be a success? Remains to be seen
It's hard to explain puns to kleptomaniacs because they always take things literally
I lost my job at the bank on my very first day. A woman asked me to check her balance, so I pushed her over
Two windmills are standing in a wind farm. One asks, “What’s your favorite kind of music?” The other says, “I’m a big metal fan.”
The man who survived pepper spray and mustard gas is now a seasoned veteran
My dad farted in an elevator, it was wrong on so many levels
Hear about the new restaurant called Karma? There’s no menu - you get what you deserve
What do you call a bee that can’t make up its mind? A maybe
I went to buy some camouflage trousers yesterday but couldn't find any
I tried to sue the airline for losing my luggage. I lost my case
England doesn't have a kidney bank, but it does have a Liverpool
All chemists know that alcohol is always a solution
A police officer just knocked on my door and told me my dogs are chasing people on bikes. That’s ridiculous. My dogs don’t even own bikes
Jill broke her finger today, but on the other hand she was completely fine
The furniture store keeps calling me to come back. But all I wanted was one night stand
A cross-eyed teacher couldn’t control his pupils
When everything is coming your way, you're in the wrong lane
She had a photographic memory but never developed it
When the past, present, and future go camping they always argue. It's intense tense in tents
What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet? SUPPLIES!
Let me tell you about my grandfather. He was a good man, a brave man. He had the heart of a lion, and a lifetime ban from the zoo
A mean crook going down stairs is a condescending con, descending
Is it ignorance or apathy that's destroying the world today? I don't know and I don't care
My dad, unfortunately, passed away when we couldn’t remember his blood type… His last words to us were, “Be positive!”
Which country’s capital has the fastest-growing population? Ireland. Every day it’s Dublin.
I wasn’t originally going to get a brain transplant, but then I changed my mind
What do you get when you mix alcohol and literature? Tequila mockingbird
How does an attorney sleep? First he lies on one side, then he lies on the other
My ex-wife still misses me. But her aim is starting to improve
What washes up on tiny beaches? Microwaves
What are the strongest days of the week? Saturday and Sunday, the rest are weekdays
I was going to make a chemistry joke, but since I'm kinda late to the thread, the good ones argon
The guy who invented the door knocker got a no-bell prize
The other day I tried to make a chemistry joke, but got no reaction
I saw an ad for burial plots, and I thought: “That’s the last thing I need!”
German sausage jokes are just the wurst
Need an ark? I Noah guy
I used to be indecisive; now I'm not so sure
What do you call the ghost of a chicken? A poultry geist
How does Moses make coffee? Hebrews it
Police were called to a daycare center where a three-year-old was resisting a rest
Why are frogs so happy? They eat whatever bugs them
I'm on a seafood diet. Every time I see food, I eat it
He who laughs last thinks slowest
The machine at the coin factory just suddenly stopped working, with no explanation. It doesn’t make any cents
What did the grape say when it got stepped on? Nothing - but it let out a little whine
What do you call a super articulate dinosaur? A Thesaurus
Why aren’t dogs good dancers? Because they have two left feet!
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs stuffed in your mailbox? Bill
Somebody stole all my lamps. I couldn’t be more delighted!
What did one flag say to the other? Nothing, it just waved.
I lost my mood ring, and I don't know how I'm feeling about that
I bought a boat because it was for sail
What would you get if you'd put a lawyer in a suit? A lawsuit
Wife: Honey I'm pregnant. Me: Well, what do we do now? Wife: Well, I guess we should go to a baby doctor. Me: Hm.. I think I'd be a lot more comfortable going to an adult doctor.
When will the little snake arrive? I don't know but he won't be long...
Why was Pavlov's beard so soft?  Because he conditioned it.
Do I enjoy making courthouse puns? Guilty
Why did the kid throw the clock out the window? He wanted to see time fly!
Hear about the new restaurant called Karma? There's no menu: You get what you deserve.
Why couldn't the kid see the pirate movie? Because it was rated arrr!
Man, I really love my furniture... me and my recliner go way back.
What did the traffic light say to the car as it passed? "Don\'t look I\'m changing!
My son is studying to be a surgeon, I just hope he makes the cut.
Sometimes I tuck my knees into my chest and lean forward.  That's just how I roll.
Conjunctivitis.com ' now that's a site for sore eyes.
I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something.
Why was the robot angry? Because someone kept pressing his buttons!
Which is the fastest growing city in the world? Dublin'
What is the difference between ignorance and apathy?\r\n\r\nI don't know and I don't care.
I went to a Foo Fighters Concert once... It was Everlong...
Some people eat light bulbs. They say it's a nice light snack.
I went to the store to pick up eight cans of sprite... when I got home I realized I'd only picked seven up
I cut my finger chopping cheese, but I think that I may have grater problems.
I got a reversible jacket for Christmas, I can't wait to see how it turns out.
What did Romans use to cut pizza before the rolling cutter was invented? Lil Caesars
My pet mouse 'Elvis' died last night. He was caught in a trap..
Never take advice from electrons. They are always negative.
What did the late tomato say to the early tomato? I'll ketch up
I have kleptomania, but when it gets bad, I take something for it.
I used to be addicted to soap, but I'm clean now.
I made a belt out of watches once... It was a waist of time.
Why did Mozart kill all his chickens? Because when he asked them who the best composer was, they'd all say "Bach bach bach!"
This furniture store keeps emailing me, all I wanted was one night stand!
My sister bet me $15 that I couldn't build a car out of spaghetti. You should have seen the look on her face as I drove pasta.
My boss told me to have a good day... so I went home.
I just read a book about Stockholm syndrome. It was pretty bad at first, but by the end I liked it.
If at first you don't succeed, sky diving is not for you!
I'd like to start a diet, but I've got too much on my plate right now.
What kind of music do mummy's like? Rap
What's large, grey, and doesn't matter? An irrelephant.
A book just fell on my head. I only have my shelf to blame.
Have you ever heard of a music group called Cellophane? They mostly wrap.
What do you call a boy who stopped digging holes? Douglas.
What did the mountain climber name his son? Cliff.
Why should you never trust a pig with a secret? Because it's bound to squeal.
Why are mummys scared of vacation? They're afraid to unwind.
Whiteboards are remarkable.
What has three letters and starts with gas? A Car.
What kind of tree fits in your hand? A palm tree!
Whenever the cashier at the grocery store asks my dad if he would like the milk in a bag he replies, 'No, just leave it in the carton!'
I used to be addicted to the hokey pokey, but I turned myself around.
How many tickles does it take to tickle an octopus? Ten-tickles!
Me: If humans lose the ability to hear high frequency volumes as they get older, can my 4 week old son hear a dog whistle? Doctor: No, humans can never hear that high of a frequency no matter what age they are.  Me: Trick question... dogs can't whistle.
What musical instrument is found in the bathroom? A tuba toothpaste.
Recent survey revealed 6 out of 7 dwarf's aren't happy.
I've been trying to come up with a dad joke about momentum . . . but I just can't seem to get it going.
'Put the cat out' ' 'I didn't realize it was on fire
Why don't skeletons ride roller coasters? They don't have the stomach for it.
Every night at 11:11, I make a wish that someone will come fix my broken clock.
Two muffins were sitting in an oven, and the first looks over to the second, and says, 'man, it's really hot in here'. The second looks over at the first with a surprised look, and answers, 'WHOA, a talking muffin!'
What\'s the difference between a guitar and a fish? You can tune a guitar but you can\'t "tuna" fish!
Did you hear that the police have a warrant out on a midget psychic ripping people off? It reads 'Small medium at large.'
Why don't sharks eat clowns?  Because they taste funny.
Just read a few facts about frogs. They were ribbiting.
Two satellites decided to get married. The wedding wasn't much, but the reception was incredible.
What do you call a fish with no eyes? A fsh.
What do you get if you put a duck in a cement mixer? Quacks in the pavement.
They tried to make a diamond shaped like a duck. It quacked under the pressure.
Where's the bin? Dad: I haven't been anywhere!
How do you make a water bed more bouncy. You use Spring Water
I considered building the patio by myself. But I didn't have the stones.
In my career as a lumberjack I cut down exactly 52,487 trees. I know because I kept a log.
What do you get when you cross a bee and a sheep? A bah-humbug.
A magician was driving down the street and then he turned into a driveway.
Don't trust atoms. They make up everything.
If you walk into a forest and cut down a tree, but the tree doesn't understand why you cut it down, do you think it's stumped?
What is the best way to carve? Whittle by whittle.
It was raining cats and dogs the other day. I almost stepped in a poodle.
Why do bananas have to put on sunscreen before they go to the beach? Because they might peel!
I was wondering why the frisbee was getting bigger, then it hit me.
A farmer had 297 cows, when he rounded them up, he found he had 300
Somebody stole my Microsoft Office and they're going to pay - you have my Word.
What concert costs only 45 cents? 50 cent featuring Nickelback.
I couldn't figure out how the seat belt worked. Then it just clicked.
What did the green grape say to the purple grape? BREATH!!
What do you call a dad that has fallen through the ice? A Popsicle.
Two parrots are sitting on a perch. One turns to the other and asks, "do you smell fish?"
Bad at golf? Join the club.
I had a pair of racing snails. I removed their shells to make them more aerodynamic, but they became sluggish.
What do you call a pile of cats?  A Meowtain.
What do you call an old snowman? Water.
I just got fired from a florist, apparently I took too many leaves.
Why don't skeletons ever go trick or treating? Because they have nobody to go with.
"Dad, I\'m cold." "Go stand in the corner, I hear it\'s 90 degrees."
Child: Dad, make me a sandwich. Dad: Poof! You're a sandwich.
What kind of bagel can fly? A plain bagel.
What do you call a careful wolf? Aware wolf.
I was just looking at my ceiling. Not sure if it's the best ceiling in the world, but it's definitely up there.
'My Dog has no nose.' 'How does he smell?' 'Awful'
Why did the half blind man fall in the well? Because he couldn't see that well!
As I suspected, someone has been adding soil to my garden. The plot thickens.
It's hard to explain puns to kleptomaniacs, because they take everything literally.
It's difficult to say what my wife does, she sells sea shells by the sea shore.
Why did Dracula lie in the wrong coffin? He made a grave mistake.
what do you call a dog that can do magic tricks? a labracadabrador
Doctor: Do you want to hear the good news or the bad news? Patient: Good news please. Doctor: we're naming a disease after you.
Atheism is a non-prophet organisation.
I tried to write a chemistry joke, but could never get a reaction.
I gave my friend 10 puns hoping that one of them would make him laugh. Sadly, no pun in ten did.
What do computers and air conditioners have in common? They both become useless when you open windows.
I cut my finger cutting cheese. I know it may be a cheesy story but I feel grate now.
How do you steal a coat? You jacket.
I'm reading a book on the history of glue ' can't put it down.
My friend told me that pepper is the best seasoning for a roast, but I took it with a grain of salt.
Just watched a documentary about beavers' It was the best damn program I've ever seen.
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? It's ok, he woke up.
You will never guess what Elsa did to the balloon. She let it go.
Did you hear about the two thieves who stole a calendar? They each got six months.
Why can't eggs have love? They will break up too soon.
You can't run through a camp site. You can only ran, because it's past tents.
They're making a movie about clocks. It's about time
I've just been reading a book about anti-gravity, it's impossible to put down!
Archaeology really is a career in ruins.
I was going to get a brain transplant, but I changed my mind
Why can\'t you use "Beef stew" as a password? Because it\'s not stroganoff.
What did the piece of bread say to the knife? Butter me up.
Some people say that I never got over my obsession with Phil Collins. But take a look at me now.
A woman is on trial for beating her husband to death with his guitar collection. Judge says, 'First offender?' She says, 'No, first a Gibson! Then a Fender!'
I saw an ad in a shop window, "Television for sale, $1, volume stuck on full", I thought, "I can\'t turn that down".
What's blue and not very heavy?  Light blue.
Guy told me today he did not know what cloning is. I told him, "that makes 2 of us."
I was so proud when I finished the puzzle in six months, when on the side it said three to four years.
Where did you learn to make ice cream? Sunday school.
Coffee has a tough time at my house, every morning it gets mugged.
A quick shoutout to all of the sidewalks out there... Thanks for keeping me off the streets.
Leather is great for sneaking around because it's made of hide.
People are making apocalypse jokes like there's no tomorrow.
What is the tallest building in the world? The library ' it's got the most stories!
What kind of magic do cows believe in? MOODOO.
What's the longest word in the dictionary? Smiles. Because there's a mile between the two S's.
I just broke my guitar. It's okay, I won't fret
It's only a murder of crows if there's probable caws.
How many kids with ADD does it take to change a lightbulb? Let's go ride bikes!
Where do hamburgers go to dance? The meat-ball.
I invented a new word! Plagiarism!
Did you know that ghosts call their true love their ghoul-friend?
 I never wanted to believe that my Dad was stealing from his job as a road worker. But when I got home, all the signs were there.
Why do pumpkins sit on people's porches?  They have no hands to knock on the door.
Why was ten scared of seven? Because seven ate nine.
What do you get when you cross a rabbit with a water hose? Hare spray.
I applied to be a doorman but didn't get the job due to lack of experience. That surprised me, I thought it was an entry level position.
I knew a guy who collected candy canes, they were all in mint condition
"I\'ll call you later." Don\'t call me later, call me Dad.
Why did the teddy bear say 'no' to dessert? Because she was stuffed.
Did you hear the one about the giant pickle?  He was kind of a big dill.
Breaking news! Energizer Bunny arrested ' charged with battery.
How many bones are in the human hand? A handful of them.
A red and a blue ship have just collided in the Caribbean. Apparently the survivors are marooned.
I've just written a song about a tortilla. Well, it is more of a rap really.
So a duck walks into a pharmacy and says 'Give me some chap-stick' and put it on my bill'
Egyptians claimed to invent the guitar, but they were such lyres.\ufeff
Toasters were the first form of pop-up notifications.
What is a witch's favorite subject in school? Spelling!
Which side of the chicken has more feathers? The outside.
Remember, the best angle to approach a problem from is the "try" angle.
Why are fish easy to weigh? Because they have their own scales.
This morning I was wondering where the sun was, but then it dawned on me.
Writing with a broken pencil is pointless.
Why is it so windy inside an arena? All those fans.
'Doctor, I've broken my arm in several places' Doctor 'Well don't go to those places.'
Where was the Declaration of Independence signed?  At the bottom!
Two peanuts were walking down the street. One was a salted
Don't interrupt someone working intently on a puzzle. Chances are, you'll hear some crosswords.
Today a man knocked on my door and asked for a small donation towards the local swimming pool. I gave him a glass of water.
What did the digital clock say to the grandfather clock? Look, no hands!
A weasel walks into a bar. The bartender says, "Wow, I\'ve never served a weasel before. What can I get for you?" "Pop," goes the weasel.
How was the snow globe feeling after the storm? A little shaken.
Did you hear about the campsite that got visited by Bigfoot? It got in tents.
I saw a documentary on TV last night about how they put ships together.  It was rivetting.
Why did the melons plan a big wedding? Because they cantaloupe!
Yesterday I confused the words "jacuzzi" and "yakuza". Now I\'m in hot water with the Japanese mafia.
I used to think I was indecisive, but now I'm not sure.
Velcro' What a rip-off.
I fear for the calendar, its days are numbered.
I'm glad I know sign language, it's pretty handy.
The other day, my wife asked me to pass her lipstick but I accidentally passed her a glue stick. She still isn't talking to me.
How many hipsters does it take to change a lightbulb? Oh, it's a really obscure number. You've probably never heard of it.
Our wedding was so beautiful, even the cake was in tiers.
Why did the miner get fired from his job? He took it for granite
What did the hat say to the scarf? You can hang around. I'll just go on ahead.
Where do cats write notes? Scratch Paper!
When my wife told me to stop impersonating a flamingo, I had to put my foot down.
What's the advantage of living in Switzerland? Well, the flag is a big plus.
Why did the cookie cry? It was feeling crumby.
Me and my mates are in a band called Duvet. We're a cover band.
Nurse: Doctor, there's a patient that says he's invisible. Doctor: Well, tell him I can't see him right now!
What do you get when you cross a snowman with a vampire? Frostbite.
What do you do when your bunny gets wet? You get your hare dryer.
Did you know crocodiles could grow up to 15 feet? But most just have 4.
In the news a courtroom artist was arrested today, I'm not surprised, he always seemed sketchy.
I used to be a banker, but I lost interest.
Astronomers got tired watching the moon go around the earth for 24 hours. They decided to call it a day.
My dog used to chase people on a bike a lot. It got so bad I had to take his bike away.
I ate a clock yesterday. It was so time consuming.
Two dyslexics walk into a bra.
I been watching a channel on TV that is strictly just about origami. Of course it is paper-view.
Milk is also the fastest liquid on earth ' its pasteurized before you even see it
My wife told me to rub the herbs on the meat for better flavor. That's sage advice.
A man was caught stealing in a supermarket today while balanced on the shoulders of a couple of vampires. He was charged with shoplifting on two counts.
Ben & Jerry's really need to improve their operation. The only way to get there is down a rocky road.
What is this movie about? It is about 2 hours long.
Don't tell secrets in corn fields. Too many ears around.
What did the pirate say on his 80th birthday? Aye Matey!
Why did the A go to the bathroom and come out as an E? Because he had a vowel movement.
Yesterday a clown held a door open for me. I thought it was a nice jester.
Why did the opera singer go sailing? They wanted to hit the high Cs.
Never Trust Someone With Graph Paper. They're always plotting something.
What is bread's favorite number? Leaven.
How do you know if there's an elephant under your bed? Your head hits the ceiling!
What's the worst part about being a cross-eyed teacher? They can't control their pupils.
What do you call a fashionable lawn statue with an excellent sense of rhythmn? A metro-gnome
Someone broke into my house last night and stole my limbo trophy. How low can you go?
Mountains aren't just funny, they are hill areas
I was going to learn how to juggle, but I didn't have the balls.
The Swiss must've been pretty confident in their chances of victory if they included a corkscrew in their army knife.
I wear a stethoscope so that in a medical emergency I can teach people a valuable lesson about assumptions.
Why are ghosts bad liars? Because you can see right through them!
Every machine in the coin factory broke down all of a sudden without explanation. It just doesn't make any cents.
What do you do when you see a space man? Park your car, man.
If you want a job in the moisturizer industry, the best advice I can give is to apply daily.
Where do you take someone who has been injured in a Peek-a-boo accident? To the I.C.U.
How do you make Lady Gaga cry? Poker face.
I was in an 80's band called the prevention. We were better than the cure.
What did Michael Jackson name his denim store?  Billy Jeans!
People saying 'boo! to their friends has risen by 85% in the last year. That's a frightening statistic.
Geology rocks, but Geography is where it's at!
I was at the library and asked if they have any books on "paranoia", the librarian replied, "yes, they are right behind you"
I needed a password eight characters long so I picked Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs.
I used to work at a stationery store. But, I didn't feel like I was going anywhere. So, I got a job at a travel agency. Now, I know I'll be going places.
R.I.P. boiled water. You will be mist.
Q: What did the spaghetti say to the other spaghetti? A: Pasta la vista, baby!
The first time I got a universal remote control I thought to myself, "This changes everything"
Why is the ocean always blue? Because the shore never waves back.
Why did the feline fail the lie detector test? Because he be lion.
Why did the man put his money in the freezer? He wanted cold hard cash!
I decided to sell my Hoover' well it was just collecting dust.
Why do ducks make great detectives? They always quack the case.
What does a clock do when it's hungry? It goes back four seconds!
What do I look like? A JOKE MACHINE!?
I bought shoes from a drug dealer once. I don't know what he laced them with, but I was tripping all day.
What is a tornado's favorite game to play? Twister!
You know that cemetery up the road? People are dying to get in there.
Did you hear about the Mexican train killer? He had loco motives
Can I watch the TV? Dad: Yes, but don't turn it on.
What is worse then finding a worm in your Apple? Finding half a worm in your Apple.
"I'm sorry." "Hi sorry, I'm dad"
What is the hardest part about sky diving? The ground.
Why did the cowboy have a weiner dog? Somebody told him to get a long little doggy.
Who did the wizard marry? His ghoul friend
How many seconds are in a year? 12. January 2nd, February 2nd, March 2nd, April 2nd etc
I ordered a chicken and an egg from Amazon. I'll let you know.
How many optometrists does it take to change a light bulb? 1 or 2? 1 or 2?
There's not really any training for garbagemen. They just pick things up as they go.
I've deleted the phone numbers of all the Germans I know from my mobile phone. Now it's Hans free.
What do you call your friend who stands in a hole? Phil.
A doll was recently found dead in a rice paddy. It's the only known instance of a nick nack paddy wack.
How do you tell the difference between a crocodile and an alligator? You will see one later and one in a while.
The word queue is ironic. It's just q with a bunch of silent letters waiting in line.
Why do cows wear bells? Because their horns don't work.
Two fish are in a tank, one turns to the other and says, "how do you drive this thing?"
I finally bought the limited edition Thesaurus that I've always wanted. When I opened it, all the pages were blank. I have no words to describe how angry I am.
This is my step ladder. I never knew my real ladder.
I was thinking about moving to Moscow but there is no point Russian into things.
A man walks into a bar and orders helicopter flavor chips. The barman replies 'sorry mate we only do plain'
I got an A on my origami assignment when I turned my paper into my teacher
What did the fish say when it swam into a wall? Damn!
My New Years resolution is to stop leaving things so late.
Americans can't switch from pounds to kilograms overnight. That would cause mass confusion.
An apple a day keeps the bullies away. If you throw it hard enough.
Why does Superman get invited to dinners? Because he is a Supperhero.
Why is no one friends with Dracula? Because he's a pain in the neck.
A man got hit in the head with a can of Coke, but he was alright because it was a soft drink.
What is the leading cause of dry skin? Towels
A man walked in to a bar with some asphalt on his arm. He said 'Two beers please, one for me and one for the road.'
I'll tell you something about German sausages, they're the wurst
Where did Captain Hook get his hook? From a second hand store.
I got fired from a florist, apparently I took too many leaves.
I got fired from the transmission factor, turns out I didn't put on enough shifts.
I went to the doctor today and he told me I had type A blood but it was a type O.
Why was the big cat disqualified from the race? Because it was a cheetah.
What's orange and sounds like a parrot? A Carrot.
A Sandwich walks into a bar, the bartender says 'Sorry, we don't serve food here'
I thought about going on an all-almond diet. But that's just nuts.
I don't play soccer because I enjoy the sport. I'm just doing it for kicks.
Today a girl said she recognized me from vegetarian club, but I'm sure I've never met herbivore.
A man is washing the car with his son. The son asks "Dad, can't you just use a sponge?"
They laughed when I said I wanted to be a comedian ' they're not laughing now.
What does an angry pepper do? It gets jalape'o face.
Don't buy flowers at a monastery. Because only you can prevent florist friars.
Hostess: Do you have a preference of where you sit? Dad: Down.
The biggest knight at King Arthur's round table was Sir Cumference. He acquired his size from eating too much pi.
To the person who stole my anti-depressant pills: I hope you're happy now.
How do you get a baby alien to sleep? You rocket.
Did you hear about the chameleon who couldn't change color? They had a reptile dysfunction.
What do you call a dictionary on drugs? High definition.
A Skeleton walked into a bar he said I need a beer and a mop
How do robots eat guacamole? With computer chips.
Today, my son asked "Can I have a book mark?" and I burst into tears. 11 years old and he still doesn\'t know my name is Brian.
Why do crabs never give to charity? Because they're shellfish.
What do you call a pig with three eyes? Piiig
How do you make a hankie dance? Put a little boogie in it.
Sgt.: Commissar! Commissar! The troops are revolting! Commissar: Well, you're pretty repulsive yourself.
The other day I was listening to a song about superglue, it's been stuck in my head ever since.
The great thing about stationery shops is they're always in the same place...
Did you hear about the cheese who saved the world? It was Legend-dairy!
How do you fix a broken pizza? With tomato paste.
What's red and bad for your teeth? A Brick.
I heard there was a new store called Moderation. They have everything there
A beekeeper was indicted after he confessed to years of stealing at work. They charged him with emBEEzlement
I used to work for a soft drink can crusher. It was soda pressing.
When Dad drops a pea off of his plate 'oh dear I've pee'd on the table!
My cat was just sick on the carpet, I don't think it's feline well.
Doctor you've got you help me, I'm addicted to twitter. Doctor: I don't follow you.
My boss told me to have a good day. So I went home...
I broke my finger at work today, on the other hand I'm completely fine.
I went to a book store and asked the saleswoman where the Self Help section was, she said if she told me it would defeat the purpose.
How does a scientist freshen their breath? With experi-mints!
What has ears but cannot hear? A field of corn.
People who don't eat gluten are really going against the grain.
Sore throats are a pain in the neck!
I think circles are pointless.
A ghost walks into a bar and asks for a glass of vodka but the bar tender says, 'sorry we don't serve spirits'
You know what they say about cliffhangers.
Feeling pretty proud of myself. The Sesame Street puzzle I bought said 3-5 years, but I finished it in 18 months.
A termite walks into a bar and asks 'Is the bar tender here?'
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it.
Why did the worker get fired from the orange juice factory? Lack of concentration.
I couldn't get a reservation at the library. They were completely booked.
Dad, can you put my shoes on? I don't think they'll fit me.
What do you call an Argentinian with a rubber toe? Roberto
I tried taking some high resolution photos of local farmland, but they all turned out a bit grainy.
I went to the zoo the other day, there was only one dog in it. It was a shitzu.
I gave all my dead batteries away today, free of charge.
Why didn't the number 4 get into the nightclub? Because he is 2 square.
Why did the m&m go to school? Because it wanted to be a Smartie!
Did you hear that David lost his ID in prague? Now we just have to call him Dav.
My wife is on a tropical fruit diet, the house is full of stuff. It is enough to make a mango crazy.
Why are basketball players messy eaters? Because they are always dribbling.
I knew I shouldn't have ate that seafood. Because now i'm feeling a little Eel
Past, present, and future walked into a bar. It was tense.
My boss told me that he was going to fire the person with the worst posture. I have a hunch, it might be me.
Without geometry life is pointless.
'Hold on, I have something in my shoe' 'I'm pretty sure it's a foot'
Have you heard about the film "Constipation", you probably haven't because it's not out yet.
I asked the surgeon if I could administer my own anesthetic, they said: go ahead, knock yourself out.
Why did the barber win the race? He took a short cut.
Why did the octopus beat the shark in a fight? Because it was well armed.
"What time is it?" I don't know, it keeps changing.
You can't trust a ladder. It will always let you down
I am so good at sleeping I can do it with my eyes closed!
What are the strongest days of the week? Saturday and Sunday...the rest are weekdays.
My friend said to me: "What rhymes with orange" I said: "no it doesn't"
I had a rough day, and then somebody went and ripped the front and back pages from my dictionary. It just goes from bad to worse.
I adopted my dog from a blacksmith. As soon as we got home he made a bolt for the door.
Some people say that comedians who tell one too many light bulb jokes soon burn out, but they don't know watt they are talking about. They're not that bright.
A bartender broke up with her boyfriend, but he kept asking her for another shot.
What do you call an eagle who can play the piano? Talonted!
I used to work for an origami company but they folded.
There's a new type of broom out, it's sweeping the nation.
I just wrote a book on reverse psychology. Do not read it!
Why don't seagulls fly over the bay? Because then they'd be bay-gulls!
Parallel lines have so much in common. It's a shame they'll never meet.
The best time on a clock is 6:30--hands down.
What do you call a magician who has lost their magic? Ian.
Why do fish live in salt water? Because pepper makes them sneeze!
A man tried to sell me a coffin today. I told him that's the last thing I need.
It doesn't matter how much you push the envelope. It will still be stationary.
What did the shy pebble wish for? That she was a little boulder.
Why did the belt go to prison? He held up a pair of pants!
Wife told me to take the spider out instead of killing it. We had some drinks, cool guy, wants to be a web developer.
What is a vampire's favorite fruit? A blood orange.
A cannibal is someone who is fed up with people.
Want to hear my pizza joke? Never mind, it's too cheesy.
Why was the picture sent to prison? It was framed.
I burned 2000 calories today, I left my food in the oven for too long.
Cosmetic surgery used to be such a taboo subject. Now you can talk about Botox and nobody raises an eyebrow.
How can you tell a vampire has a cold? They start coffin.
At the boxing match, the dad got into the popcorn line and the line for hot dogs, but he wanted to stay out of the punchline.
"Hey, dad, did you get a haircut?" "No, I got them all cut."
Why is there always a gate around cemeteries? Because people are always dying to get in.
I asked a frenchman if he played video games. He said Wii
My dentist is the best, he even has a little plaque!
So, I heard this pun about cows, but it's kinda offensive so I won't say it. I don't want there to be any beef between us.
What kind of music do planets listen to? Neptunes.
Shout out to my grandma, that's the only way she can hear.
Why was the broom late for the meeting? He overswept.
I went on a date last night with a girl from the zoo. It was great. She's a keeper.
Mahatma Gandhi, as you know, walked barefoot most of the time, which produced an impressive set of calluses on his feet. He also ate very little, which made him rather frail and with his odd diet, he suffered from bad breath. This made him a super calloused fragile mystic hexed by halitosis.
What do you call an alligator in a vest? An investigator!
Thanks for explaining the word "many" to me. It means a lot.
What biscuit does a short person like? Shortbread.
The invention of the wheel was what got things rolling
Why was Santa's little helper feeling depressed? Because he has low elf esteem.
If two vegans are having an argument, is it still considered beef?
My sea sickness comes in waves.
For Valentine's day, I decided to get my wife some beads for an abacus. It's the little things that count.
What's the worst thing about ancient history class? The teachers tend to Babylon.
My new thesaurus is terrible. In fact, it's so bad, I'd say it's terrible.
What type of music do balloons hate? Pop music!
Camping is intense.
Dad died because he couldn't remember his blood type. I will never forget his last words. Be positive.
I'm on a whiskey diet. I've lost three days already.
How does Darth Vader like his toast? On the dark side.
Why didn't the orange win the race? It ran out of juice.
What animal is always at a game of cricket? A bat.
I started a new business making yachts in my attic this year...the sails are going through the roof
If you think swimming with dolphins is expensive, you should try swimming with sharks--it cost me an arm and a leg!
I am terrified of elevators. I'm going to start taking steps to avoid them.
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use honey combs!
I wish I could clean mirrors for a living. It's just something I can see myself doing.
To the guy who invented zero, thanks for nothing.
*Reversing the car* "Ah, this takes me back"
Doctor you've got to help me, I'm addicted to Twitter. Doctor: I don't follow you.
How did the hipster burn the roof of his mouth? He ate the pizza before it was cool.
A butcher accidentally backed into his meat grinder and got a little behind in his work that day.
What do you call a beehive without the b's? An eehive.
What kind of pants do ghosts wear? Boo jeans.
Two guys walked into a bar, the third one ducked.
I really want to buy one of those supermarket checkout dividers, but the cashier keeps putting it back.
A horse walks into a bar. The bar tender says "Hey." The horse says "Sure."
Did you hear about the guy who invented Lifesavers? They say he made a mint.
What's the difference between a poorly dressed man on a tricycle and a well dressed man on a bicycle? Attire.
Why are giraffes so slow to apologize? Because it takes them a long time to swallow their pride.
"Dad, I'm hungry." Hello, Hungry. I'm Dad.
I'm practicing for a bug-eating contest and I've got butterflies in my stomach.
I have the heart of a lion and a lifetime ban from the San Diego Zoo.
What do you call a guy lying on your doorstep? Matt.
I met this girl on a dating site and, I don't know, we just clicked.
What did the calculator say to the student? You can count on me.
What do you call a gorilla wearing headphones? Anything you'd like, it can't hear you.
Have you heard about corduroy pillows? They're making headlines!
What did the drummer call his twin daughters? Anna one, Anna two!
How did Darth Vader know what Luke got him for Christmas? He felt his presents!
Did you hear about the chameleon who couldn't change color? He had a reptile dysfunction.
I wanted to go on a diet, but I feel like I have way too much on my plate right now.
What sound does a witches car make? Broom Broom
What does a zombie vegetarian eat? “GRRRAAAIINS!”
What does a nosey pepper do? It gets jalapeno business!
I tell dad jokes, but I don't have any kids. I'm a faux pa.
Whenever the cashier at the grocery store asks my dad if he would like the milk in a bag he replies, "No, just leave it in the carton!"
What’s that Nevada city where all the dentists visit? Floss Vegas.
Atheism is a non-prophet organization.
Why did the picture go to jail? Because it was framed.
What do you call a bear without any teeth? A gummy bear!
What do you call a hippie's wife? Mississippi.
Dad, can you put the cat out? I didn't know it was on fire.
Does anyone need an ark? I Noah guy!
I would avoid the sushi if I was you. It’s a little fishy.
I’ve never gone to a gun range before. I decided to give it a shot!
What's black and white and goes around and around? A penguin in a revolving door.
My son screeched, "Daaaaaad, you haven't listened to one word I've said, have you!?" What a strange way to start a conversation with me...
What did the caretaker say when they jumped out of the store cupboard? “Supplies!”
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent!
My friend keeps saying "cheer up man it could be worse, you could be stuck underground in a hole full of water." I know he means well.
What time did the man go to the dentist? Tooth hurt-y!
What did the fried rice say to the shrimp? Don't wok away from me.
The secret service isn't allowed to yell "Get down!" anymore when the president is about to be attacked. Now they have to yell "Donald Duck!"
Two cannibals are eating a clown. One says to the other: “Does this taste funny to you?”
What do you call a man who can’t stand? Neil.
I’m thinking about removing my spine. I feel like it’s only holding me back.
How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie in it.
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down!
Why are cats bad storytellers? Because they only have one tale.
Why was the belt sent to jail? For holding up a pair of pants!
What do you call a baby monkey? A chimp off the old block.
Do you think glass coffins will be a success? Remains to be seen.
What happens when a frogs car dies? He needs a jump. If that doesn't work he has to get it toad.
Yesterday I accidentally swallowed some food coloring. The doctor says I'm OK, but I feel like I've dyed a little inside.
I wasn't originally going to get a brain transplant, but then I changed my mind.
I wondered why the baseball was getting bigger. Then it hit me.
I recently took a pole and found out 100% of the occupants were angry with me when their tent collapsed.
Why don't some couples go to the gym? Because some relationships don't work out.
A friend of mine tried to annoy me with bird puns, but I soon realized that toucan play at that game.
I'd tell you a chemistry joke but I know I wouldn't get a reaction.
Have you ever tried to eat a clock? It's very time consuming.
Did you hear about the guy who got hit in the head with a can of soda? He was lucky it was a soft drink.
The experienced carpenter really nailed it, but the new guy screwed everything up.
He drove his expensive car into a tree and found out how the Mercedes bends.
I used to be a banker but I lost interest
Show me a piano falling down a mineshaft and I'll show you A-flat minor.
A man just assaulted me with milk, cream and butter. How dairy.
A prisoner's favorite punctuation mark is the period. It marks the end of his sentence.
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down.
I like European food so I decided to Russia over there because I was Hungary. After Czech'ing the menu I ordered Turkey. When I was Finnished I told the waiter 'Spain good but there is Norway I could eat another bite'.
If there was someone selling drugs in this place, weed know.
When notes get in treble, bass-ically they get put behind bars. The alto-nate punishment is to push them off a clef and hope they land flat on sharp objects.
I relish the fact that you've mustard the strength to ketchup to me.
The shoemaker did not deny his apprentice anything he needed. He gave his awl.
So what if I don't know what apocalypse means!? It's not the end of the world!
Why don't programmers like nature? It has too many bugs.
I don't trust these stairs because they're always up to something.
When William joined the army he disliked the phrase 'fire at will'.
Claustrophobic people are more productive thinking outside the box.
I once got into so much debt that I couldn't even afford my electricity bills, they were the darkest times of my life.
Atheists don't solve exponential equations because they don't believe in higher powers.
The other day I held the door open for a clown. I thought it was a nice jester.
It's not that the man did not know how to juggle, he just didn't have the balls to do it.
I couldn't quite remember how to throw a boomerang, but eventually it came back to me.
Police were called to a daycare where a three-year-old was resisting a rest.
Did you hear about the dog who ran two miles to bring back his master's stick? Personally, I think it's a bit far-fetched.
I went to the dentist without lunch, and he gave me a plate.
The first time I used an elevator it was really uplifting, then it let me down.
What did the grape say when it got stepped on? Nothing - but it let out a little whine.
Smaller babies may be delivered by stork but the heavier ones need a crane.
What is the difference between a nicely dressed man on a tricycle and a poorly dressed man on a bicycle? A tire.
A small boy swallowed some coins and was taken to a hospital. When his grandmother telephoned to ask how he was a nurse said 'No change yet'.
The one who invented the door knocker got a No-bell prize.
The roundest knight at king Arthur's round table was Sir Cumference.
The store keeps calling me to come back and buy more bedroom furniture, but all I really wanted was one night stand.
My job at the concrete plant seems to get harder and harder.
A friend said she did not understand cloning. I told her that makes two of us.
I told my wife that it was her turn to shovel and salt the front steps. All I got was icy stares.
The man who survived mustard gas and pepper spray is now a seasoned veteran.
I used to have a fear of hurdles, but I got over it.
Odorless perfumes are non-scents.
Grocery store workers must let the customer decide if they want paper or plastic because baggers can't be choosers.
What do dogs do after they finish obedience school? They get their masters.
A bicycle can't stand on its own because it is two-tired.
I lift weights only on Saturday and Sunday because Monday to Friday are weak days.
My friend was fired from his job at the road department for stealing. I have to say I saw it coming. The last time I was at his house all the signs were there.
Need an ark to save two of every animal? I noah guy.
Something about subtraction just doesn't add up.
It's a lengthy article on Japanese Sword Fighters but I can Samurais it for you.
My friend's bakery burned down last night. Now his business is toast.
The girl quit her job at the doughnut factory because she was fed up with the hole business.
I suggested building beds above each other to save space but the idea was debunked.
Did you know they won't be making yard sticks any longer?
It was an emotional wedding. Even the cake was in tiers.
When the arsonist met his girlfriend it was a perfect match. Both of them could light up a room with their presence.
The patron saint of poverty is St. Nickeless.
A goat giving birth is just kidding.
I really wanted a camouflage shirt, but I couldn't find one.
The butcher backed up into the meat grinder and got a little behind in his work.
There was once a cross-eyed teacher who couldn't control his pupils.
I did a theatrical performance about puns. Really it was just a play on words.
Never discuss infinity with a mathematician, they can go on about it forever.
When Peter Pan punches, they Neverland.
I knew a woman who owned a taser, man was she stunning!
What does a spy do in the rain? He goes undercover.
I don't know if I just got hit by freezing rain, but it hurt like hail.
Weight loss mantra? Fat chants!
There was a sign on the lawn at a drug re-hab center that said 'Keep off the Grass'.
What do you call the medical condition where your feet go to sleep? Coma-toes.
I think Santa has riverfront property in Brazil. All our presents came from Amazon this year.
Weight loss pills stolen this morning - police say suspects are still at large.
Did you hear about the nun who procrastinated doing her laundry? She had a filthy habit.
I saw a beaver movie last night, it was the best dam movie I've ever seen.
Two peanuts were walking in a tough neighborhood and one of them was a-salted.
Learning to sleep upside down is often hard for baby bats, but they soon get the hang of it.
Two hats were hanging on a hat rack in the hallway. One hat says to the other, 'You stay here, I'll go on a head.'.
I was going to buy a book on phobias, but I was afraid it wouldn't help me.
Did you hear about the little girl who went upstairs to get some medicine? I think she's coming down with something.
I'm really good at being lazy. In fact, my doctor even said that if I continue being this lazy I should expect atrophy.
What's the definition of a will? (It's a dead giveaway).
The decision to legalize marijuana was made by a high government official.
I knew a guy who collected candy canes, they were all in mint condition.
My fear of roses is a thorny issue. I'm not sure what it stems from, but it seems likely I'll be stuck with it.
I sent my baby off to the army. They put him in the infantry.
A new type of broom came out, it is sweeping the nation.
I was going to look for my missing watch, but I could never find the time.
I once heard a joke about amnesia, but I forgot how it goes.
Why did the pig stop sunbathing? He was bacon in the heat.
The leopard tried creeping up on the tigers using its camouflage but it was spotted.
If we arm the teachers, will the librarians get silencers?
I cant do alot of math but i can do SUM of it.
Did you know alligators can grow up to 15 feet? But most have 4
I recently started a business building yachts in my attic. Sails are going through the roof.
The only thing flat-earthers fear, is sphere itself.
What do you call a Spanish pig? Porque.
how do you make antifreeze? Steal her blanket.
I used to go fishing with Skrillex. But he kept dropping the bass.
When is the best time to go to the dentist? Two-Thirty.
I ate too much Middle Eastern food. Now I FAALAFEL.
What drink do you need to steal? Virgin-tea.
What drink breaks the ice? Flirt-Tea.
Why does the norwegian navy have barcodes on their ships? So when they come back to port they can Scandinavian.
What kind of cats like to go bowling? Alley cats!
What do you call a cat wearing shoes? Puss in boots.
Why do cows lie down in the rain?  To keep each udder dry.
What did the hurricane say to the coconut palm tree? Hold on to your nuts, this is no ordinary blow job!
How does a woman scare a gynecologist? By becoming a ventriloquist!
Why couldn’t the bicycle stand up on its own? It was Two Tired.
To some, marriage is a word. To others, a sentence.
Two florists got married. It was an arranged marriage.
What is a blue whale’s favourite James Bond Film?  Licence to Krill
What is a ghost’s favorite fruit? Booberries!
Did you hear the joke about the German sausage? It was the wurst.
When I get naked in the bathroom, the shower usually gets turned on.
I am on a seafood diet. Every time I see food, I eat it.
I’m taking part in a stair climbing competition. Guess I better step up my game.
I am so poor I can’t even pay attention.
Why did the bee get married? Because he found his honey.
Why don’t cannibals eat clowns? They taste funny.
What did the bra say to the hat? You go on ahead while I give these two a lift!
We cannoli do so much. His legacy will become a pizza history.
Why did the hipster burn his tongue? Because he ate his food before it was cool.
Police Officer: “How high are you?” Stoner: “No officer, it’s “Hi, How are you?”
Don’t spell part backwards. It’s a trap.
I’d tell you a chemistry pun but I know I wouldn’t get a reaction.
What do you call the security outside of a Samsung Store? Guardians of the Galaxy.
I wasn’t originally going to get a brain transplant, but then I changed my mind.
I’m emotionally constipated. I haven’t given a shit in days.
I hate insects’ puns, they really bug me.
I was going to give him a nasty look, but he already had one.
My English teacher recently recovered from a bowel cancer operation… and he tried to show me a semi colon.
My Jamaican Nan wants to know why I love chocolate spread so much, but mi Nutella.
What’s the difference between a hippo and a zippo? One is really heavy and the other is a little lighter.
I’ve got a joke about a fat badger, but I couldn’t fit it into my set.
My little brother is so obsessed with 80s computers. I reckon he’s autistic…or at least somewhere on the spectrum
I saw a sports car being driven by a scantily clad sheep. It was a lamb bikini.
I bought an impressionist painting of some flowers, but when I got back home the cat scratched it. Now I’m trying to sell it as a Clawed Monet.
I sent a food parcel to my former wife. Fed Ex.
David Bowie’s favourite chocolate? Revel Revel.
Life is like a box of chocolates. Made of leather and zipped around your head. Or so says Forrest Gimp
What wrestler steals your pants? The Undie Taker.
There’s a video game for people who really love the former Indian leader. Ghandi Crush Saga.
I know a baker who uses a gardening tool, he’s raking in the dough.
I bought my girlfriend some Slinky underwear, now she keeps falling down the stairs.
I Photoshopped a terrorist with a black and white comedy star, I call them Laurel and Ji-Hardy.
The late soul singer Marvin Gaye used to keep a sheep in his vineyard. He herd it through the grapevine.
Prince Charles likes to take his iPad with him when he goes to the toilet, because
The Queen is really angry that her chair is made of Jelly. She’s throne a wobbly.
If a pigeon was a rebel, what would it do? It would start a coo.
If a cow could be any other animal, what would it be? A mooooose.
What did the two deer do when they fell in love? They started to fawn over one another.
What does a bed do when making a shady contract or deal? It uses blanket terms.
Why didn’t the bike go to work? It was two-tired.
What is a turtle’s favorite kind of pasta? Turtlellini.
Why was the computer dating the keyboard? He had a certain type.
How did the pair of glasses plead not guilty? He said he was framed.
When the sheep ate some bad hay, what did she say? Ewe.
How did the pillow avoid jail time? He had a strong case.
What happened when the foot lost the race? Defeat.
What did the coat say to vest when they were stealing a necklace? Jacket.
What is a fence’s favorite band? Linkin Park.
How did the chickens get in a fight? They egged each other on.
Where does the snowman put his money? The snowbank.
What did the dock say to the other dock? I’m board.
What would a wolf get arrested for? Mooning.
I farted in an Apple store today and everyone yelled at me. It’s not my fault they don’t have Windows.
My boss told me to have a good day. So I went home.
I was always told to reach high in life. This why I keep the cocaine on the top shelf…
Can’t believe they fired me from the clock factory after all the extra hours I put in.
I got into a fight with my boner this morning. Don’t worry, I beat it single handedly
Just back from the zoo. Saw a slice of toast lying in one of the enclosures. It was bread in captivity.
My bank balance is like a midget in a marathon. It’s running a little short.
I don’t know if my ceiling is THE best ceiling, but it’s definitely up there.
What do you call an alligator in a vest? An Investigator
What do you get when you cross a snake and a plane? A Boeing Constrictor.
Why did the sun go to school?  To get brighter!
Did you hear about the movie Constipation? It never came out.
Did you hear about that circus fire? It was in tents.
What element is a girl’s future best friend? Carbon.
What happened when the dog went to the flea circus? He stole the show!
Why doesn’t bread like warm weather? Things get Toasty!
Why is a bad cup of coffee the end of a marriage? Because it’s GROUNDS for divorce!
Which search engine is popular amongst mice? Ask Cheese.
When can’t you see a cheese? When it’s pasteurised..
Did you hear about the Italian chef with the terminal illness? He pastaway. Now he’s just a pizza history.
